hey everyone filson ebbets here with
another tweak from cydia this one is
called clock hide hyphen PK but we'll
just call it cockeyed now you're going
to need a special repo because this is
still in beta but it seems to be working
just fine and it's also a pretty cool
feature so clock I'd basically allows
you to hide your clock on your lock
screen just like lockscreen clock hide
except there's something else if you go
within the settings right here you can
go ahead and change the alpha which is
basically one of them is your opacity
and the other one is the position of the
clock the y axis position to be specific
so let's go ahead and put this to the
middle and we'll go ahead and go to our
lock screen and as we can see our lock
screen clock is in the center of the
lock screen instead of being at the top
as it normally should so oh no I'm seem
to be having iOS problems right there
anyways let's go back to the video will
turn down this and if you want to put
this up a little bit this will basically
tone down the opacity on the clock now
you can't really see it too well until
you put it almost two full and now we
can see it barely faded in there let's
kind of bring it back over here and
there we go we kind of toned down the
opacity we can also do both we can put
this all the way at the bottom near the
slider looks kind of cool if you have a
really good wallpaper for the back you
can put it in the middle and use
lockscreen clock hide to hide that top
bar I'm not really sure why this tweak
doesn't allow you to hide that top bar
and just hides the clock but I guess
you'll just have to put two tweaks
together download lockscreen clock I'd
to hide that top bar and then you'll be
able to have like a really cool
wallpaper with your clock in the middle
just find a really cool one on the net
I'm sure there's one out there so you
can also hide your clock if you want to
fully do that or you can just put your
opacity all the way to the right to hide
the clock you don't really have to
enable it as you can see it is now gone
I just totally hit something on my desk
but guys this tweak is free it's
currently in beta like I said before and
you're going to need a special repo that
will be at the bottom in the description
so be sure to go under the manage tab
under sources hit the edit
then tap the Add button and you'll be
able to add a repo which will once again
be in the description below and as
always please be sure to leave any
comments questions suggestions anything
like that below please be sure to give a
thumbs up favorite the video right there
at the bottom left hand corner and
please subscribe at the top also follow
on Twitter like on facebook and add me
to your google+ circles those links will
be in the description below thank you
all for watching and being awesome
viewers more iOS 5 iphone 4s and cydia
tweaks coming up soon so please be sure
to stay tuned stay subscribed and keep
watching I will see you all in the next
one